# made by shukla.prashant689@gmail.com
# best viewed on shaded or black terminal

background              = default       default
frame                   = yellow        default
window_title            = red           default bold
directory               = yellow        default
selected_directory      = black         cyan
playlist                = black         cyan 
selected_playlist       = red           default
file                    = cyan          default bold
selected_file           = black         cyan bold
marked_file             = green         default bold
marked_selected_file    = black         cyan bold
info                    = red           default
status                  = red           default
title                   = yellow        default bold
state                   = red           default
current_time            = cyan          default
time_left               = red           default
total_time              = yellow        default
time_total_frames       = red           default
sound_parameters        = red           default
legend                  = white         default
disabled                = yellow        default
enabled                 = green         default
empty_mixer_bar         = green         default
filled_mixer_bar        = black         green
empty_time_bar          = green         default
filled_time_bar         = black         green
entry                   = yellow        default
entry_title             = red           default
error                   = red           default bold
message                 = yellow        default
plist_time              = red           default
